Contributing/How-to-Get-Credit-for-Your-Contribution.md, before:

## Get Credit for your Contribution:

GitHub automatically records all contributions to code and documentation under the [Insights/Contributors](https://github.com/moja-global/About-moja-global/graphs/contributors) tab.

In addition, moja global is using the [All Contributors Bot](https://allcontributors.org/) to recognize all contributors for a wide range of [possible contributions](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key).  

But if you would like to be recognized, please blow your own trumpet by following the steps below:

1.  After making your contribution (submitting your pull-request, replying to a question, resolving issues and more) add the following sentence in a comment to an existing issue:\
    `@all-contributors please add <@username> for <contributions>`
2.  `<@username>` can be any person or organisation with a GitHub account. 
3.  `<contributions>` can be any word from [this list](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key) but the bot will also use [basic Natural Language Parsing](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors-bot/blob/master/src/tasks/processIssueComment/utils/parse-comment/index.js) to determine your contribution intent.
4.  Submit your comment.
5.  The `Allcontributors Bot` will submit a pull-request to include `<@username>` among the list of contributors 
6.  Once the pull-request is accepted by the maintainer of the repository, `<@username>` will be added to the list of contributors for the suggested `<contributions>`.

Commit message:

allcontributors NLP link
Signed-off-by: Chris Keefe <crk239@nau.edu>

Contributing/How-to-Get-Credit-for-Your-Contribution.md, after:

## Get Credit for your Contribution:

GitHub automatically records all contributions to code and documentation under the [Insights/Contributors](https://github.com/moja-global/About-moja-global/graphs/contributors) tab.

In addition, moja global is using the [All Contributors Bot](https://allcontributors.org/) to recognize all contributors for a wide range of [possible contributions](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key).  

But if you would like to be recognized, please blow your own trumpet by following the steps below:

1.  After making your contribution (submitting your pull-request, replying to a question, resolving issues and more) add the following sentence in a comment to an existing issue:\
    `@all-contributors please add <@username> for <contributions>`
2.  `<@username>` can be any person or organisation with a GitHub account. 
3.  `<contributions>` can be any word from [this list](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key).
4.  Submit your comment.
5.  The `Allcontributors Bot` will submit a pull-request to include `<@username>` among the list of contributors 
6.  Once the pull-request is accepted by the maintainer of the repository, `<@username>` will be added to the list of contributors for the suggested `<contributions>`.

NOTE: The `Allcontributors Bot` uses basic Natural Language Parsing to determine your contribution intent,
so the structure of your requests can be somewhat flexible.
The docs include [a nice example](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/bot/usage) of what this might look like, and the [source code](https://github.com/all-contributors/app/blob/master/lib/parse-comment.js) lists usable contribution type names.
